# Galaxy Explorer

## Version 1.1.0 Full Version

Galaxy Explorer is an immersive space exploration game where you navigate through galaxies, fighting off pirates
and monsters. Set in the vastness of space, your mission is to survive as long as possible by dodging enemies,
collecting fuel, and grabbing repair kits to keep your spaceship intact.

### Features

- Vibrant pixel-art style universe and spaceship graphics.
- Dynamic enemy encounters with space pirates and monsters.
- Collectible items for repair and fuel.
- Engaging background music and sound effects for an immersive experience.
- Simple and intuitive controls.

### Installation

1.  Ensure you have Python installed on your computer. Galaxy Explorer requires Python 3.6 or newer.
    You can download Python from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

2.  Clone the Galaxy Explorer repository or download the source code to your local machine.

    ```
    git clone https://willz5##needs to be fixed##.com/GalaxyExplorer.git
    ```

3. Navigate to the game's directory and install the required Python packages.

    ```
    cd GalaxyExplorer
    pip install pygame
    ```

### How to Play

- **Starting the Game:**
    - Run `GalaxyExplorer_CORE.py` from your terminal or command prompt to launch the game.
    - Click the "Play" button on the title screen to start.

- **Controls:**
    - Use the `W`, `A`, `S`, `D` keys to move your spaceship.
    - Aim with the mouse cursor and left-click to shoot at enemies.

- **Objective:**
    - Survive by avoiding or destroying pirates and monsters.
    - Collect fuel to keep flying and repair kits to fix your spaceship.
    - Try to score as high as possible by defeating enemies and gathering items.

### Soundtrack and Graphics

8-Bit music made by https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/87829696/
All images are generated by DALL·E


### License

Galaxy Explorer is released under the MIT License.




### ·Enjoy exploring the galaxy and facing its dangers. Good luck, space explorer!
